a texture pack that fixes all of the
frustrating things about Minecraft
hello and welcome to oMG craft I'm host
oMG Chad this is the show that will
teach you how to become a Minecraft
expert in no time no time at all today
we're taking a look at a new texture
pack made by hyperactive man the idea
was to take some of the frustrating bits
about the normal minecraft texture pack
and fix them up make them all better so
let me show it to you even on the
multiplayer screen you can tell that
instead of red and green these are all
blue we're just kind of nice let's jump
into a server now one of the kind of
defining features of this pack is that
there's not a lot that's changed it's
called better than default so you can
kind of tell what it's aiming for is to
give you a better sense of what's
happening in game you can tell that my
bar down there the the level bar is a
little bit different the the there is a
difference between right where's the
difference here
Oh andesite and stone andesite looks
kind of like it's like why is this what
what is this stone just looks uh looks
like that and a site looks a little bit
like a darker type of stone you can sort
of see my pattern here at the base you
can also tell that the textures on my
HUD are a little bit different this will
be granite this is a smooth granite
errors this is actually normally not
smooth granite and this is polished
granite polished granite kind of looks
the same you can tell there's a few
things that are different like my
experience bar the selector is a little
bit more obvious which block you are on
and as well as the wow
sian really did change look at that I
wanted to go see beefs village because
one of the things that really has
changed a lot is the hardened clay
hardened clay knee is a lot more vibrant
with this pack kind of getting real rid
of the earth tones that the default pack
gives you whoops and I fell in here this
marble is looking really good that's a
deal
do you order right do to right and the
normal game and you can see that stained
clay is very vibrant in this pack these
are not these villagers are not just
iron columns or snow columns these are
just actual actual snow golems you can
tell that the colors here are very
vibrant I'm gonna turn off the pack real
real quick just to kind of show you what
this area normally looks like not nearly
as vibrant this this is the white
stained clay and then with the pack on
you can tell there is a huge difference
oh wait why is that oh that's just
normal there's white stained clay yeah
this will this will show this sorry that
was just normal stained clay so if we
turn the pack off now you can tell the
big difference the earth tone is gone my
house looks very blue blue and white
what like like how the white looks in
here planks and logs look very different
now these especially you can tell them
the jungle planks and these planks are
here they look a little bit similar than
what they are before another big
difference is redstone redstone gives
you a very clean look here and you can
easily tell where redstone is going and
connecting up to that looks really
really nice glass panes how clear those
look compared to normal glass glass
panes are definitely updated and finally
here in the nether lot has changed
netherrack looks a lot more like cobble
even and nether brick whoo I don't have
any torches oh man thought that I did
but I don't and the brick looks a lot
smoother like stone brick so they kind
of match a lot better than before now
they're quartz ooh didn't hit now the
quartz looks like all the other ores
like iron
or coal or gold and so it's just white
instead of the normal another quartz
look and finally I wanted to show off
this let's close up that this is what
emeralds look like and they're actually
now named rubies so here's a single ruby
and then diamonds look a little bit more
like normal diamonds and I kind of have
that original blue and they both these
textures now match
also when you're they're found in the
world they look a lot more like emerald
the default emerald with the colors
changed so that sort of emeralds and
diamonds look about the same when you
find them in your world allots the same
but a few item things are different and
that is better than default what's also
cool is that there are alternative
textures within this texture pack so if
you want to use extra textures you can
it shows it on the imager page so thanks
so much for watching this episode on
minecraft weekly recap if you want to
download this texture pack make sure you
check the description below I think it
is fancy very nice texture pack and I
hope that you subscribe from future
episodes
youtube.com / OMG crafts leave a like or
comment down below let me know what did
you think about this episode you could
say Chad your face is weird and you hate
it when you do we were two accents
unsubscribing comment down below tell me
tell me what you think and I'll see you
next week on the homes you craft 5